I think my earliest memory from
childhood was when we moved house
because that's a big event and my twin
sister Terry and I were so happy because
we moved into a pink house
my biggest indulgence is beauty cream
down the high street naked
well when I'm going out to the big party
I quite enjoy you know if it's a fancy
dress party I quite enjoy picking some
character you know from some other
period I've dressed as Marie Antoinette
that was a lot of fun and Cleopatra is
good well if I could dance with anyone
it would definitely be Fred Astaire he's
my favorite of course I mean gene
Kelly's pretty good too
now amazing those those old new pieces
of dancing registers